Earth.
A cradle for unimaginable
beauty and staggering wonder.
Incomprehensible.
overwhelming...
this planet mocks our
feeble power to describe it.
Yes. to truly appreciate
the astounding grandeur...
of this planet. sometimes
you must defile it.
Behold the defiler.
His character is vile.
base. and depraved.
Once a proud talk show host. he has
been driven by a changing ecosystem...
to a drier and harsher
climate... the weekly podcast.
Here. without the nourishment
of his studio audience...
this clown with dull. tiny eyes.
the eyes of a crudely painted doll...
is forced to feed on that meagerest
of morsels. the random call-in fan.
Unhinged by the feral scent
of their mild enthusiasm...
he scavenges in
distant lands uninvited...
fueled by a bottomless
hunger for recognition...
and the occasional selfie.
This is madness.
This is lunacy.
This is chaos.
This is "Conan O'Brien Must Go."
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Hi. Conan. my name is Montasser.
and I'm calling from Linz. Austria.
Hey. Montasser.
Very nice to talk to you.
And I love... looks like
lederhosen you're wearing.
Yeah. exactly.
I'm applying or trying to
get the Austrian citizenship.
So I have been wearing
this for a month...
and running back and forth
in front of the mayor's office.
Montasser. where
are you from originally?
So I am from Iraq. and I fled
to Austria nine years ago. 2015.
Wow.
From Turkey to Austria.
I pretty much walked.
And I'm teaching now in a
private Catholic school in my city.
I have to say. Montasser.
you're an impressive person.
- Yeah.
- Oh. my God.
- What's your life like?
- I go to the museum.
I like to climb trees and
pick walnuts. for example.
That is another thing I do.
You are a fairy-tale man.
You love to wear lederhosen.
climb trees. and pick walnuts.
Montasser. I'm very...
I'm very impressed by you.
I think your personal
story is incredible.
I would love to go to Austria...
and I would love to meet you
and personally shake your hand.
So. that's just what I did.
Montasser!
Yes!
- Terrific.
- Hi.
- It's nice to meet you.
- It's you!
Your hair... can I
touch your hair?
You can touch it
briefly. Okay. okay.
And you told me your story.
and it's such an impressive story.
I fled to Austria
from Iraq... Iraq.
Because the situation where...
there was too chaotic
and dangerous for me.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- So... That's why I left Cleveland.
I don't know about Cleveland.
Okay. sorry. Terrible.
And I made light of what's
a very serious situation...
which is Cleveland.
I said this on the
Zoom. I'll say it again.
I'm very impressed with you.
You have an amazing... Thank you.
- This handshake is very weak.
- Yeah.
- What happened?
- I'm a weak man.
It was like a fish that I think
had died six weeks ago...
was placed into my
hand by a mummy.
You mentioned one of your hobbies
is climbing trees to get walnuts?
Yes.
Oh. look. people have carved...
this is beautiful... Straudi and Strudi.
Someone drew a penis on here.
You look at this
and you saw a penis.
Yes.
'Cause I don't see...
mine doesn't come...
to a point like that. but
maybe yours is different.
I mean. the size.
I don't know. the size matches.
Are you talking to me or are
you talking about yourself?
You know. the... the good news is.
Montasser. where there's a penis...
there's usually nuts.
Whoa!
That's incr... that
was impressive.
- Now you.
- Now let's see if I can do it.
I'm coming!
Take your time.
Okay. This is good.
Yeah.
Oh. this is kind
of... ooh. okay.
You know what? I'm
gonna... oh. not unpleasant.
I can see some nuts there.
Oh. yeah. where? Where are they?
This is a walnut tree.
It is a walnut tree because
our prop person got here...
- Can I cross?
- Whoa!
Ah!
Ugh!
I just saw my life and your
testicles pass before my eyes.
- Conan. I got some nuts!
- Yes!
Oh. I love the
walnuts here in Austria.
- Here. have a walnut.
- Thank you.
Doesn't this look like a
really bad album cover...
for a folk duo called.
like. the... The Two Nuts.
But. Montasser. your goal
is to become more Austrian...
so that you will get
citizenship more quickly?
That is my goal.
The most Austrian thing I
could think of is yodeling.
Mm-hmm.
Would you like
to learn to yodel?
I would like to learn.
Marie. Laurentius.
you are yodelers. yes?
Yes.
If I couldn't yodel. I
would not be an Austrian.
- Yeah. Okay. yes.
- Right?
And I guess when he's yodeling
better than the president...
then he should be
an Austrian for sure.
Okay.
I'll do the talking from now on
'cause what you just said was crazy.
I don't even know what
happened right there.
Does this attach to anything?
Yeah. it's my little clock.
This shows perfectly
when it's time.
It's an Austrian clock.
Oh. I see.
So you carry alcohol
with you all the time?
To measure the time.
Do you have a problem?
Austrians just have a problem
if they're drinking alone...
- but we are not alone.
- I see.
Sure. Sure.
You're fine.
Montasser. what do you think?
Do you think he has a
problem with the drinking?
I have alcohol with me as well.
Okay.
Are you wearing leather pants?
- Yeah.
- Okay. Wow.
You're like if Jim Morrison
had a baby with a leprechaun.
This is what you
look like right now.
And that's a...
that's a compliment.
We need to teach this
gentleman how to yodel...
and we don't have a lot of time.
First. we have to
develop our head voice.
Can you do that?
Yeah.
- Yeah. that sounds good.
- Oh. you're naturals.
Okay. now the chest voice.
Yeah! That was very nice.
Wow.
- Hello. sir.
- What is your name?
- I'm Daniel. Hello.
- Daniel. And who is this?
- This is Otto.
Otto.
Are you gonna
teach him to yodel?
Of course. he's Austrian.
So is the idea that you do that
up in the Alps. in the mountains?
More often at the bar.
You're doing this in a bar?
Of course. I have one staff
member who claims to be...
an expert on every country.
We all know who
you are. Get in here.
- There's no big surprise.
- Okay.
You know?
- Here you are.
- Right.
Jordan Schlansky.
And what is it about
Austria you love so much?
Well. first of all. I don't
pretend to be an expert...
but I enjoy the country... I'm just
gonna gesture as much as you do.
And that's not mocking
you. that's just mirroring you.
Go ahead.
This is a human way
of communicating. okay?
This is articulation
and gesticulation.
- Okay?
- Yeah.
I might even call
it punctuation.
Or masturbation.
Do me a favor
and get to the point.
I like the diversity...
the topographical...
- diversity of the country.
- Like what?
Just say it in English.
Well. you've got your Alpine peaks.
you've got your fields of green...
and you've got
your cosmopolitan...
and classical cities
such as this one.
Fields of green.
Yeah. we frolic
through fields of green.
When have you ever
frolicked in a field?
I've frolicked through
fields on many continents.
There's nothing wrong with
frolicking through fields...
if they're available to you.
What about the food?
You're a big foodie.
Yeah. well. I love a
wiener schnitzel. of course...
- the national dish of...
- That's what I hear.
Oh. you're making a
reference to the wiener.
So you've got Wien. the city. and
something from Wien is Wiener.
And you've got Wiener
Wurst. the Viennese sausage...
which might resemble
a penis to some.
Therefore. people have
nicknamed a penis a wiener.
And it all started right here.
Right here on this...
- this is where it started?
- Yeah. this is the land.
Someone whipped
it out right here?
We're here at the original
Weiner Schneekugelmanufaktur.
They make snow globes here.
This. I'm told. is where the
snow globe was invented.
Is that true?
My great-grandfather
invented the snow globe...
- here in Vienna in 1900.
- Wow.
Well. can you show me your
snow globe museum. please?
Of course.
And these are the tools you
use to make the snow globes?
Many. many years ago. yeah.
Who is this guy right here?
- That's my father.
- This is your father?
- Yes.
- Have they captured him yet?
No.
- He made snow globes?
- Yes.
Okay.
I'm the fourth generation.
actually. and so. yeah.
You're the fourth generation
making snow globes?
Mm-hmm.
First woman in the
family business. actually.
You broke the
glass globe ceiling.
- Yeah.
- Congratulations.
Thank you very much.
- Hello.
Guten tag.
Wow. look at all
these snow globes.
When you come to a
snow globe museum...
you think you'll see
some snow globes. right?
But do you think you're
gonna see this many?
Kinda. yeah.
Yeah.
Owls. frogs. teddies.
What is this?
Toilet paper.
This was the special
snow globe for the COVID.
How many orders did you get?
More than 5.000.
- More than 5.000 people...
- Yeah.
Now. pardon me. I
don't mean any insult...
- wanted this piece of shit?
- Yeah.
I'm very proud of this one.
My God. I just saw these.
Look at this!
This is impressive.
Not to say the other
stuff wasn't impressive...
and it wasn't. but
this is amazing.
- So your father made this?
- Yes.
- And you made the...
- The toilet paper.
- Stack of toilet paper?
- Yeah.
Ah! What's this?
Who's this?
Yeah. that's my father.
What?
- That's your father?
- Yeah.
So this is your dad being a
creep. looking out a window.
Exactly.
Now. quick question. is this
how he would peer on you...
when you would have a date?
Let's say that I'm
Heinrich. okay?
- Okay. yeah.
- And you have a date with me.
And let's say you and
I are just about to kiss.
How do you say that
in in your language?
- Kussen.
And I'm going like.
"Mm. kussen. kussen."
Yeah.
And then. suddenly...
Hey! I see you.
None of the kussen-kussen!
No kussen-kussen!
Is that how he was?
No. actually not.
- He told me just to fuck around as many... - Told you to what?
- To...
Fuck around as much as I
can as long as I'm not married.
Your father's advice
to you... Yeah.
Was to fuck around
as much as you can...
- Yeah.
- Before you get married.
Mm-hmm. Have a good time.
That's very
forward-thinking of him.
- Yeah.
So this is him actually hoping
to see a little action. right?
- Yeah.
- Are you going to fuck around?
Is a little fucking
going to happen?
I would like to peer
through the window.
Take some pictures
maybe as well.
Jesus.
And then I turn it into an
X-rated snow globe of the fucking.
What's the most valuable or
unusual snow globe you have here?
Could you show me that?
Oh. my God. look at this.
This is amazing.
You did a beautiful
job with this.
Thank you very much.
Well. we could maybe fit a
small toilet paper inside as well.
We don't need to put your
signature toilet paper in here.
I'm very impressed
with your museum.
Thank you very much.
- I'm not very impressed. I'm impressed...
- Okay. - With your museum.
- Yeah.
- Impressed.
I'm happy that you
have this museum.
- This is a museum.
- Yeah.
How about that? We'll
just leave it at that.
Okay.
This is a building that
stores snow globes.
Yeah.
But I like you.
You're really fun.
- Let's dance out.
- You wanna dance out?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
I like this.
Is this an Austrian
kind of dance?
Yes. I think so.
Okay. very strange.
Okay. here's the deal.
We just drove for an
hour and a half up high...
- into the Alps...
- Right.
Because you said you wanted to
have this ultimate ski experience.
And then you tell
me that you don't ski.
Yeah. I don't actually ski.
but I do enjoy the ski culture.
I look like a Serbian astronaut.
You look like Jackson Pollock
ate a bunch of Starbursts...
and then vomited on an
asshole who was standing nearby.
But you don't ski.
I had an incident
in British Columbia.
Well. we've all done that.
What was yours?
There was an injury to the ACL.
Why is it "there was
an injury to an ACL"?
Well. it's understood
that it's mine...
- because I'm talking about me.
- Okay.
You see. I don't
like to be redundant.
I'm just telling you I
don't propel my body...
at high rates of
gravitational travel.
That's all.
But I enjoy the
culture around it.
I enjoy the hot chocolate after.
I enjoy the melting cheese.
I enjoy the wine.
I enjoy coziness.
You have to experience
discomfort to appreciate comfort.
Oh. there's a very
young child skiing.
There's another
young person skiing.
I was a deep thinker as a child.
I didn't need to move my body.
Let's have a new rule. okay?
When I have an open
palm. you may speak.
Okay? You'll never
see this again.
Okay.
Do you do this every day?
Maybe you wouldn't
have an injury.
No. I had an injury.
I don't have an injury now
because I don't ski anymore.
I don't need to ski.
I get my thrills
in other ways...
sitting in a corner
thinking about things.
You get your thrills
sitting in a corner?
Yeah.
Do me a favor and
do not move these.
Okay. I can't see
a thing right now.
Well. let me tell you
something. friend.
- I just want you to know...
- Yes.
- That I value you.
- Okay.
You're a good friend and
I'm glad we came up here.
And I don't mind that I
rented us skis and ski outfits.
Okay.
That doesn't bother me at all.
How's the vision?
- I can't see a thing.
- Perfect.
We are here for après-ski.
only he doesn't ski.
- That's fine.
- It's not fine.
It's bad.
- Oh. hi. how are you?
- Welcome.
Nice to see you.
a fellow redhead.
Nice to see you too.
- Yes.
- Nice hair.
- Prost.
Après-ski.
Mmm.
I know sometimes you
might find me frustrating...
but I think through the
lessons that you learn...
through these
shared experiences...
you'll start to value
my place in your life.
Like I say. I enjoy things that
communicate warmth and coziness.
I don't need external
activity to turn myself on.
I'm able to turn myself on within
the confines of my own mind.
Are you familiar with raclette.
the Swiss cheese that...
will melt over... sometimes even
an open flame right into your bread?
You know what's funny?
I really envy that table.
You guys are the best!
Best guys ever.
My name is Katherina.
I am calling from
Austria. from Feldkirch.
Tell us a little bit
about yourself.
I work as a psychologist.
I like to make metal music.
Oh. my God. Okay.
Cringe Blizzard is slush
metal. but also death metal...
but also thrash metal.
but also whatever.
Is it a lot of yelling?
Yeah.
Do you think I could be maybe a
guest vocalist for Cringe Blizzard?
Fucking hell yeah.
Do you think so?
You used to watch the television
show back when I was doing a TV show.
Is that correct?
Oh. yeah. I was actually
featured on a fan correction video.
When I sent in
the fan correction...
it said that people who
get featured on the show...
will get the Team Coco
T-shirt. and I never received one.
We'll find you a T-shirt. and I
will get it to you somehow. okay?
Because I wanna
right this wrong.
You should get your T-shirt.
Katherina. Hi!
Come on out. Come on out.
Hi! Hi!
How are you?
Oh. look at this.
What's the... what's...
- That's David Hasselhoff.
- Is this David Hasselhoff?
Yeah.
That's right. he's very big in
Germany and Austria. right?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
And AI Conan.
of course. as well.
Oh. look at this.
You really are a fan.
And to be up on the
same wall with Hasselhoff...
terrible honor... I
mean. a great honor.
What's happening here?
This looks like it
could be a satanic flag.
That's good. It gives
good energy. right?
Good energy? No.
Do you mind that I'm
touching your ceiling?
No. it's fine.
You could also. like. get rid
of some of the spider webs...
- if you're at it.
- I'll do that later.
I like to eat... What
the heck was that?
That was the loudest burp I've
heard from man or woman in my life.
Let's hear that again.
I'll do that later. I like...
I would love to meet your
husband if he's around.
- Yeah. sure.
- Hey. how are you?
Hi. I'm Chris.
Chris. good to meet you.
Let's talk about
the band you're in.
- Cringe Blizzard.
- Mm-hmm.
- Are you in Cringe Blizzard?
No. I'm the manager.
You're the manager?
Oh. I can tell.
You've got your arms folded
and you're not doing much.
Oh. we got a music room in here.
I could do this all day.
In fact. I think I will.
How many gigs do you
play. like. in a month?
Tonight is our second gig.
- Of all time?
- Of all time.
Check this out.
"Secret plan to
become Conan's BFF.
"Meet through 'Conan
O'Brien Must Go...'
- which is happening now."
- Exactly.
- So we can check that one off.
- Perfect.
"Meet on skiing
trips in 'Shtaad.'"
- I don't know if we're gonna be able to... - Gstaad.
- What's that?
- Gstaad.
- What did I say?
- "Shtaad."
- And what did you say?
- Gstaad.
- And now what did I say?
- "Shtaad."
- What did you say?
- Gstaad.
- It's the same thing!
- It's not.
- It is. "Shtaad."
- Gstaad.
- Sh-sh-sh-guh-shtaad.
Guh-guh-guh-guh. Gstaad.
You barely hear the G.
You're like. there's a G there...
- but you don't pronounce it.
- You do.
- Gstaad.
- Yeah.
- Guh-staad.
- No. not "guh." Guh.
You're saying say
a G. Guh-staad.
It's Gstaad.
How do you say good night?
I say "ood" night.
What do you say when
someone sneezes?
Fuck you.
It's incredible. You
stand on this chair.
Look at the view you have
that you don't even see.
Look at that!
That is the feature
of this house.
Why? Why don't
you cut this down?
I like my privacy.
Well. what are you doing
here that needs privacy?
All you're doing is
worshipping Satan and... Oh.
I'm a little musical. I just
wrote a song about you.
- Would you like to hear it?
- Of course.
It may not be your style.
That's fine.
But it's close to heavy metal.
Okay.
- It's Gstaad.
- Gstaad.
- Yeah.
All close.
Katherina!
Right now. I'd like to keep
a promise to you. Katherina.
Many years ago. she did
a contest on our show...
and I promised her a T-shirt.
Katherina!
Come on!
Hey. quick fun fact...
the symbol of Austria is
an eagle with a migraine.
The other symbol of
Austria... the lion vaping.
They were way
ahead of the curve.
- Hey. quick question.
- Yeah?
Who gave you the scarf. Groot?
Groot called and he
wants his scarf back.
It's actually Gru.
- I said Gru.
- I thought you said Groot.
No. I said Gru.
What is the
fascination with Gru?
- I don't understand.
- I'm doing reference...
I'm wearing a scarf 'cause
we're in the mountains.
This is what comedians
do. They walk around.
How do you associate
this with Gru?
- Does he wear a scarf?
- He wears a scarf... - Okay. - A dark scarf.
But certainly. other
people wear scarves.
That guy over there
is wearing a scarf.
Okay. look.
Gru has a... has
some stripes in his.
But the fact that you're
just wearing a scarf...
- I think. gets...
- That's enough.
It gets me 40% of the way there.
Half the time you call him Gru.
and half the time you call him Groot.
I don't know. It depends
on how we edit it.
And I'm usually the one
that stops by editing...
and figures things
out in my favor.
Groot called and he
wants his scarf back.
Who gave you the scarf. Groot?
Did Groot sell you this scarf?
It turns out Feldkirch
was just a short walk...
to the Austrian border.
and I couldn't resist getting...
another stamp on my passport.
Hey. check this out.
Austria borders a tiny little
country called Liechtenstein.
It is the sixth smallest
country in the world.
It's right there.
My deal with Max is that
they pay me per country.
You see where
I'm going with this?
Earth.
Blah. blah. blah. defiler.
Blah. blah. blah. Liechtenstein.
Liechtenstein!
That was Liechtenstein.
Pay up. Max.
Don't scowl at me.
This is deranged.
I gotta tell you. Jordan.
what I love about Austria...
- or as you call it...
- Oesterreich. - Oesterreich...
is that every single building just
looks old and cool and amazing.
Did you know that this is
a Popeyes fried chicken?
Did you know what
this is right here?
- What's that?
- That's a Waffle House!
- A "vaffle" house?
- It's gorgeous.
Do you know what
this is right here?
- What's that?
- It's a Lens Crafter.
Do you know what
that is right there?
- What's that?
- That's a Chipotle.
I was there half an hour ago.
and I got myself a chimichanga.
And by the way. Gru called
and wants his fucking scarf back.
Clearly. the combination
of jet lag and Jordan...
was putting a strain
on my mental health.
Luckily. I was in the
birthplace of psychotherapy.
I'm at the Freud Museum.
This is the actual office where
Freud practiced psychoanalysis.
He was here from
1891 to. I believe. 1938.
And this is Peter.
Is that right. Peter?
- Yeah.
- It's very nice to see you.
Nice to see you. Conan.
This is the actual couch that his
patients lay on as he analyzed them.
Is that true?
That's incorrect.
This is the couch where
the people were waiting.
The actual couch is in London.
I was under the impression
that. to come here today...
and to visit the museum. I
needed to be dressed as Freud.
Is that correct?
It's not necessary. but
it's very nice to do so.
Have you been in analysis?
No. I have not.
What is your name. please?
Helmut is my name.
Helmut.
And tell me. Helmut...
do you hate your father?
My father is a very
respectable person.
Do you wish to kill your
father and marry your mother?
I do not think so.
I am not asking
you what you think.
Do you wish to kill your father?
If so. I know a guy
who'll do it real cheap.
He's very good.
He'll make it look
like a bicycle accident.
Have you had any disturbing
dreams recently. Helmut?
There is something like a
motorized vehicle driving...
in and out of a tunnel.
Like an automobile?
Yes. correct.
Is the automobile shaped
like your father's penis?
I do not know the looks
of my father's penis.
Have you ever walked in on
your father when he's stepping...
out of the shower and said.
"Father. your scheidenhouser's out?"
No. I never did that.
When the automobile goes
into the tunnel. does it says...
"Here comes Daddy"?
I'd like to go through the five
stages of psychosexual development.
The oral stage.
Then there's the anal stage.
This is where you're
putting food in your bottom...
while you're having
sex. usually a goulash.
Then there's the phallic stage.
Is eating cucumbers and carrots
a symbol for the phallic stage?
Do you just eat the
carrot and the cucumber?
Yes.
But first you lick
it for a long time...
and then push it in and out
of your mouth repeatedly.
And then do you
realize it's a penis...
and that you're in an alley
with a guy named Ongee?
I never experienced that.
- You have not?
- No.
Well. I have.
Ongee. call me if you see this.
I had a good time.
I'd like to see you again.
Freud famously didn't say much.
He just let the patients talk.
My take on Freud is
that he talked a lot...
and just did a lot of bits
and said silly things...
that might play well on HBO Max.
Or just Max. as they
like to call it now.
Because for some reason. they
decided HBO was too prestigious a name.
By the way. this is just a
tape-on. not a glue-on beard.
'Cause I've done so
many travel shows...
I didn't wanna put on a
fucking glue-on beard.
I just hosted the Oscars
and you want me...
to glue a beard on like I'm
in a high school production...
of "12 Angry Men?"
They just keep pushing
and pushing and pushing.
But what about me? I just
go and go and go and go.
I'm like an old mule.
My concern is that.
in our business...
they tend to age people
out. especially in comedy.
Now it's all about
Nate Bargatze.
Oh. Nate Bargatze. did
you see him on "SNL"?
He's so funny.
And so here I am.
dressed as Freud...
doing this travel
show thing again.
I haven't seen
my wife in months.
My children hate me.
And then I look at
the other travel shows.
Eva Longoria. she
just goes to Mexico City.
And oh. look at me.
I'm all dressed up and I'm
all pretty and look at me.
Oh. I just ate some delicious
food and I had a glass of wine.
That was delicious. And cut.
Go back to your hotel room.
It's a five-star. Eva Longoria.
Or Stanley Tucci. what the fuck?
He just tastes things and
says. "This is delicious"...
and they go. "Oh. you like it?"
And "Oh. boy. I feel like there's
an explosion of joy in my mouth."
And cut.
Go back to your hotel
room. Stanley Tucci. we got it.
Hey. what's Conan doing?
Well. he's got a glue-on
beard. he's dressed as Freud...
and he's doing a whole bit.
He's getting old.
In ten minutes. we're
gonna put him on a trapeze.
He's gonna fall and break his
hip. and then we're gonna say...
"Now it's time for
you to go to Guam.
"Hurry. Conan.
"We're not gonna pay you the
old rates "'cause it's streaming now.
"We don't have that
kind of money anymore.
You're just gonna
get what you get."
And then it comes out
and someone says...
"I saw it on an airplane.
It was pretty funny."
And I'm like. "Pretty
funny? I broke my hip."
They push me and push me...
and Jeff Ross is in the
background chewing gum...
and saying it looks pretty good.
And he shrugs and
says. "I don't know.
I don't eat bread these days."
And I'm like. well.
what the fuck?
So you don't eat bread?
Is that something we're
gonna talk about now?
We're gonna die soon and we're
talking about not eating bread?
And the writers.
they don't care.
You know. I just say shit
that comes out of my head...
and then written by those guys.
Oh. wow.
That sounds great.
Emmys for everybody.
Dr. Freud. I'm sorry. I
think your session is over.
So same time next week?
Here's another
symbol of Austria...
Zeus leaving a strip club
at 4:00 in the morning.
Oh. I can't find my pants.
Jordan. remember earlier
when I was doing that kind of riff...
about you being Gru?
Yes. I did.
Well. I got a little
present for you right here.
Yeah. Yeah. Look at that.
Perfect.
Hey. Austria. check it out.
It's Gru.
Hey. you don't like the scarf?
Don't worry. It'll Gru on you.
We got Gru over
here. and I'm a minion.
Bleep. Bleep. Blurp. Blurp.
No one's with you.
Hi. Where are you from?
- I'm from Kazakhstan.
- You're from Kazakhstan?
Yeah. yeah.
Have you seen "Despicable Me"?
- No.
- Okay. well. guess what?
There's a guy in it.
and his name is Gru.
I guess it's you.
Yes! Yes!
Actually. Kazakhstan loves you.
- Kazakhstan loves me?
- Yeah. very much.
- I should go to Kazakhstan.
- Yes.
You know who
should I bring with me?
- Gru.
I should bring Gru with me.
Okay. it was so
nice to meet you.
Yeah. when a fan is
cutting it off... Bye-bye.
You know that I've gone too far.
Please don't.
- I think I'm losing my mind.
- Sure.
The Vienna Boys Choir. just
known throughout the world...
a 525-year tradition.
These are three members
of the Vienna Boys Choir?
Yes.
These are the
hats that you wear.
- Yes.
- Can you put the hats on?
Can I see them with the hats?
It looks like you three would
have a tiny submarine together.
What does it say
up on top there?
Wiener Sangerknaben.
- Which is?
- Vienna Boys Choir.
Right.
Do you all live in bunk beds. you
know. one bed on top of another?
Well. there's one bunk bed. Yes.
One bunk bed with
like... that's 100 feet high?
And the top kids sometimes
rolls over and falls to his death?
There's nothing
you can do about it.
Yeah.
Hey. every now and
then you lose a kid.
That's what happens. right?
Yes.
You ever hear him just go by...
And you're like.
he's a little off pitch.
- Oh. wow.
- Hey.
- Look at this.
- Yeah.
They all stood up. Thank you.
Very nice.
How am I supposed to
do this if you're laughing?
I am now your conductor. okay?
Everything I do. you keep
your eye on me. okay?
Stare right into these eyes.
Never lose concentration.
Do you understand? Good.
Go to the bank.
Rob the bank.
Give me the money.
Yes. my perfect robot.
Despite its cold climate. I
found the people of Austria...
to be warm. funny.
and most of all. hygienic.
And I've never been to a country
that was more tolerant of my singing.
Thank you. Austria.
You gave me so much.
It's only fair I give you
something in return.
The id is the primitive urges.
Those are the urges
for the food and the sex...
things that the caveman
would be interested in.
The ego. or the
Eggo. is a waffle.
It can be reheated.
It is frozen but
can be reheated.
It's popular for the
children in the morning...
when they're trying
to get to school.
The super-Eggo is a
more expensive Eggo.
It is an Eggo that has a
buttermilk mixture in it...
and it is used with the syrup.
It costs a little more. but if you
love your children. it's worth it.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm